Deloitte Consulting Private Ltd Hyderabad, Andra Pradesh India
Industry: IT Consulting
08/2013 - 11/2014
Business Technology Analyst
An astute young energetic result oriented IT professional offering about 4 years of experience. Extended expertise in PL/SQL, Interfaces, Reports by serving various Oracle Modules like PO, AP, AR, INV, ONT. Deep understanding of technology with focus on delivering business solutions, Persuasive communicator with exceptional relationship management skills with an ability to relate to people at any level of research and management.
•	Experience in four full lifecycle implementations. Having good knowledge on Procure to Pay and Order to Cash Cycles. •	Experience in Real time Production Support and Enhancement project. •	Expert in AOL, SQL, PL/SQL and REPORTS. •	Strong knowledge in SCM domain, Payables and Purchasing Modules. • Worked efficiently on Conversion, Interface, Extensions and Reports. •	Developed XML Reports. •	Strong knowledge on Customization of Reports. •	Skilled team member with proven ability to motivate teams to maximize productivity. •	Dedicated and highly ambitious to achieve personal as well as organizational goals. •	Adroit at learning new concepts quickly, working well under pressure and communicating ideas clearly and effectively.
Tech Mahindra Hyderabad, Andra Pradesh India
Industry: IT Consulting
04/2011 - 07/2013
Oracle Apps Technical Consultant
An astute young energetic result oriented IT professional offering about 4 years of experience. Extended expertise in PL/SQL, Interfaces, Reports by serving various Oracle Modules like PO, AP, AR, INV, ONT. Deep understanding of technology with focus on delivering business solutions, Persuasive communicator with exceptional relationship management skills with an ability to relate to people at any level of research and management.
•	Experience in two full lifecycle ORACLE R12 implementations. •	Experienced as offshore project member. •	Excellent communication and presentation skills. •	Strong experience and expertise in PL/SQL, Interfaces, Conversions and Reports. •	Understanding specification and business logic.